---
layout: post
title: Heroes
date: 2007-08-14 14:00:41 +02:00
type: post
published: false
scripts:
thumbnail:
author: Anders Olsen Sandvik
tags:
- Dairy
- Heroes
---
<p>After watching a few episodes last night i actually fell in love with the series. It's not usually i like a TV series like this. The only other might be "The Family Guy" and the first season of "24". I can't wait to get a hold of the next episodes. What i love about it are the extreme cliffhangers and the ingenious storyline. I love sci-fi that has a tendency to "might be possible". But usually when i watch series i lose interest after the first season. So lets see what happens here when i finish the first one. Underneath is the introduction from NBC's page for those that don't know that this is. I highly recommend that you watch the first episode so see if this is something for you too.</p>
<p>"From creator/writer Tim Kring (NBC's "Crossing Jordan") comes "Heroes," an epic drama that chronicles the lives of ordinary people who discover they possess extraordinary abilities.</p>
<p>As a total eclipse casts its shadow across the globe, a genetics professor (Sendhil Ramamurthy, "Blind Guy Driving") in India is led by father's disappearance to uncover a secret theory -- there are people with super powers living among us. A young dreamer (Milo Ventimiglia, "Gilmore Girls") tries to convince his politician brother (Adrian Pasdar, "Judging Amy") that he can fly. A high school cheerleader (Hayden Panettiere, "Ice Princess") learns that she is totally indestructible. A Las Vegas stripper (Ali Larter, "Final Destination"), struggling to make ends meet to support her young son (Noah Gray-Cabey, "My Wife &amp; Kids"), discovers that her mirror image has a secret. A fugitive from justice (Leonard Roberts, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer") continues to baffle authorities who twice have been unable to contain him. A gifted artist (Santiago Cabrera, "Empire"), whose drug addiction is destroying his life and relationship with his girlfriend (Tawny Cypress, NBC's "Third Watch"), can paint the future. A down-on-his-luck Los Angeles beat cop (Greg Grunberg, "Alias") can hear people's thoughts, which puts him on the trail of an elusive serial killer. In Japan, a young man (Masi Oka, NBC's "Scrubs") develops a way to stop time through sheer will power. Their ultimate destiny is nothing less than saving the world…"</p>
<p>Source: (<a href="http://www.nbc.com/heroes" title="Heroes">NBC</a>)</p>
